docs: Enable vitepress build (#1133)
SAP/ui5-tooling: packages/documentation/docs/pages/GettingStarted.md

If your project is not set up for use with the UI5 CLI yet, follow these steps:

1. If your project does not have a `package.json` file, let npm generate it:
```sh
npm init --yes
```

1. Generate the `ui5.yaml` file:
```sh
ui5 init
```

1. Define the framework you want to use
::: info
**"OpenUI5"**

```sh
ui5 use openui5@latest
```

**"SAPUI5"**

```sh
ui5 use sapui5@latest
```
:::
You can choose between the OpenUI5 and the SAPUI5 framework.

> Don't know which one to choose? Check out our [documentation on the differences between OpenUI5 and SAPUI5](./FAQ##whats-the-difference-between-openui5-and-sapui5).

Reviewer: This links only to the FAQ page not the actual section.
```suggestion
Don't know which one to choose? Check out our [documentation on the differences between OpenUI5 and SAPUI5](./FAQ#what-s-the-difference-between-openui5-and-sapui5).
```

Author: Thanks!

1. Add required libraries
```sh
ui5 add sap.ui.core sap.m sap.ui.table themelib_sap_fiori_3 # [...]
```

You can find a documentation of all libraries, including samples and more, in the Demo Kit:

- [**OpenUI5** Demo Kit](https://openui5.hana.ondemand.com/api)
- [**SAPUI5** Demo Kit](https://ui5.sap.com/#/api)
    
1. Start the server and work on your project! 🎉
```sh
ui5 serve
```

::: info
Use `ui5 serve` to start a local development server and `ui5 build --all` to produce an optimized, static version of your project, which you can then deploy to your production environment.
 :::

Find more information here:

- [Server](./Server.md)
- [Builder](./Builder.md)
- [CLI](./CLI.md)

1. If you are using Git or similar version control, commit `package.json` and `ui5.yaml` to your repository.
```sh
git add package.json ui5.yaml
git commit -m "Enable use with UI5 CLI"

> ```

Reviewer: I think this is not resolved (the numbered list is not counting up = always "1.")
